Filter: I'm Frank "the fear" Filter. I am not able to decompose and the microplastics that make me up stay in the environment permanently! Mwahaahahaa. Tobacco companies use me as a marketing tool to make cigarettes feel safer and my efficacy is highly disputed. Making me potentially useless to a cigarette but I am the most harmful part to the environment!!!!!!


Player: Too Bad Frank "the foolish'' Filter, I can dispose of you at any of the many cigarette bins on campus or after putting the cigarette out completely I can put it in a normal bin thus eliminating you as a threat.




Evil ciggy: I'm mr evil cigarette butt. There are over 4.5 trillion of me littered on the planet and I only continue to growww! U HAVE NO HOPE IN DEFEATING ME PURELY BY NUMBERS ALONE


player: while there are many of you i can stop you growing by disposing of you responsibly and encouraging other to do the same
.


baccy pouch: Welcome weakling! I Barry Grouch the baccy pouch will stop you where you stand and end your crusade against the pollutants! The tobacco industry removes 600 million trees per year and is a major contributor to deforestation! 


Player: I'm not powerless against you barry grouch. I have the power to raise awareness over these issues and use my right to vote and protest. Along with making lifestyle changes I can make a real differences to our planet!




Fish: blugggggh, uggggghhhh. Gasp, gasp. Cigarette butts look like minnows or other small fish and bigger fish eat or choke on them. The consumption of microplastics and other pollutants build up in concentration higher up the food chain and affect animals' health and humans’ food.


Player: mr fish im so sorry, I will avoid throwing things away by the ocean or rivers. And I won't throw rubbish into drains where parts will end up in the ocean.






Key facts for quiz:
4.5 trillion cigarettes littered total
600 million trees per year
Fish choke or eat cigarette butts that end up in peoples food
Filters contain microplastics and are part of cigarette health marketing and are not accepted as effective.